=pod

=head1 NAME

WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainTransfer - Representation of a Domain Transfer In Progress

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use WWW::LogicBoxes;

    my $logic_boxes = WWW::LogicBoxes->new( ... );

    my $domain_transfer = $logic_boxes->get_domain_by_name( 'in-progress-transfer.com' );

    print 'Status of Domain Transfer is ' . $domain_transfer->transfer_status . "\n";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Represents L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com> domains transfers that are in progress.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 B<id>

The order_id of the domain in L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com>'s system.

=head2 B<name>

The full domain name ( test-domain.com ).

=head2 B<customer_id>

The id of the L<customer|WWW::LogicBoes::Customer> who owns this domain in L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com>.

=head2 B<status>

Current status of the domain with L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com>.  Will be one of the following values:

=over 4

=item InActive

=item Active

=item Suspended

=item Pending Delete Restorable

=item Deleted

=item Archived

=back

=head2 B<transfer_status>

A human readable string indicating what part of the transfer flow we are currently in.  A non exahustive list of possible values incldue:

=over 4

=item Transfer waiting for Losing Registrar Approval

=item Transfer waiting for Admin Contact Approval

=back

=head2 B<verification_status>

According to ICANN rules, all new gTLD domains that were registered after January 1st, 2014 must be verified.  verification_status describes the current state of this verification and will be one of the following values:

=over 4

=item Verified

=item Pending

=item Suspended

=back

For details on the ICANN policy please see the riveting ICANN Registrar Agreement L<https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en>.

=head2 B<ns>

ArrayRef of Domain Names that are the authorizative nameservers for this domain.

=head2 B<registrant_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Registrant.

=head2 B<admin_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Admin.

=head2 B<technical_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Technical.

=head2 B<billing_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Billing.

=head2 B<epp_key>

The secret key needed in order to transfer a domain to another registrar, if it has been provided.  Predicate of has_epp_key.

=head2 private_nameserves

ArrayRef of L<WWW::LogicBoxes::PrivateNameServer> objects that contains any created private name servers.  Predicate of has_private_nameservers.

=head1 METHODS

These methods are used internally, it's fairly unlikely that consumers will ever call them directly.

=head2 construct_from_response

    my $logic_boxes = WWW::LogicBoxes->new( ... );

    my $response = $logic_boxes->submit({
        method => 'domains__details_by_name',
        params => {
            'domain-name' => 'test-domain.com',
            'options'     => [qw( All )],
        },
    });

    my $domain = WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainTransfer->construct_from_response( $response );

Constructs an instance of $self from a L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com> response.

=cut
