=pod

=head1 NAME

WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainRequest - Abstract Base Case for Domain Registration and Transfer Requests

=head1 DESCRIPTION

WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainRequest is an abstract base class that is extended for usage in L<WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainRequest::Registration> and L<WWW::LogicBoxes::DomainRequest::Transfer>.  It should not be instantiated directly.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 B<name>

The full domain name.

=head2 B<customer_id>

L<LogicBoxes Customer|WWW::LogicBoxes::Customer> id that is purchasing this domain.

=head2 B<ns>

Array Ref of domain names that should be used as the authoritive nameservers.

=head2 B<registrant_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Registrant.

=head2 B<admin_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Admin.

=head2 B<technical_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Technical.

=head2 B<billing_contact_id>

A L<Contact|WWW::LogicBoxes::Contact> id for the Billing.

=head2 is_private

Boolean indicating if this domain uses WHOIS Privacy.  Defaults to false.

=head2 invoice_option

Indicates to L<LogicBoxes|http://www.logicboxes.com> how invoicing of the L<customer|WWW::LogicBoxes::Customer> for this domain should occur.  It must be one of the following values:

=over 4

=item NoInvoice

Do not generate an invoice, just process the order.

=item PayInvoice

Generate an invoice and check the L<customer's|WWW::LogicBoxes::Customer> account balance.  If there are sufficent funds pay the invoice and process the order.  Otherwise, hold the order in a pending status.

=item KeepInvoice

Generate an invoice for the L<customer|WWW::LogicBoxes::Customer> to pay at some later point but process the order right now.

=back

The default value is 'NoInvoice'.

=cut
